Update auto-failover-group-configure-sql-db.md (#8620)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: azure-sql/database/auto-failover-group-configure-sql-db.md

> 1. On the **Failover Group** page, enter or select the required values, and then select **Create**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. On the **Failover Group** page, enter or select the required values, and then select **Create**. The failover group must be created in a different region.
```

> > [!NOTE]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> > The failover group must be created in a different region.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

1. On the **Failover Group** page, enter or select the required values, and then select **Create**.

> [!NOTE]

> > The Failover Group needs to be created in a different region.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> The failover group must be created in a different region.
```

> > 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
